## Ez'Rapta (the greater mountain tiger)

Ver'mel, Huso greater nation, upper kingdom

Ganto was a team sport, but it could wind up a one on one match —a _mats'vie_. It was times like those that Prix excelled. It was the final regional match of the season, the winner would go on to the kingdom championship. The opposing team had lead for most of the match, dispatching 4 of her 9 teammates within moments of the first round. It had then been a grueling 5 minutes as her team —the Sen'Lon Comet-stars— regrouped and fought hard to match the Fara'Het Dragons kill for kill, point for point; and then Prix turned the tide, knocking out all but one of the Dragons. The match was now a final one on one match, with minimal restrictions, no time limit. The final Fara'Het Dragon heard his teammates demise and had doubled back to try to out flank an attack by the final Comet-star. But Prix —who had been nicknamed Ez'Rapta after the fierce mountain tigers— would not be outflanked, and quietly climbed, and waited to choose her spot.

Neither Prix or the final Dragon could hear the roaring crowd from beyond the battle-dome; they could not hear the chants of "Rapta! Rapta! Rapta!" as Prix stalked the Dragon. Over the chants of the cheering of the crowd, an amplified voice called out the action of the match, "The dragons have been slain by the mountain tiger! She earned that nickname after the 11-12th Ocar'lon seasonal! Who will prevail! The Great dragon, or the cunning Tiger?!". The dragon moved quietly, listening for Ez'Rapta —and heard nothing.

He turned to loop around his original path, and heard boots —with something heavy in them— hit the ground behind him. He spun and ducked, a club whooshed through the air were his head had been. He continued his spin and struck blindly at her attacking hand, landing the blow. She growled as her club bounced off the ground. The dragon seized on the opportunity, raised his own club and closed the distance to Prix. He did not see the hollow metal ganto ball in her hand, before his first charging step hit the ground, the ball struck him between the eyes, stunning him for a split second. He was unable to react to Prix grabbing his club wrist, stepping behind his leg and throwing him to the ground, knocking all breath from him. Through stars he could see the killing blow coming with his own club; still struggling for breath, and anticipating a head blow, he closed his eyes. Prix —mercifully— brought the club down on his chest-plate ending his, and his team's, match.

The Dome opened and the roaring of the crowd shook the Ganto battle grounds. As the match-ending kill, the final dragon had not been rendered unconscious; Prix offered her hand to him with words of sportsmanship, "That was a really good strike, I almost thought you had me." The dragon met her eyes, "Thank you for not going for a head blow." The dragon left to rejoin his rising teammates, Prix's own teammates had regained consciousness and were swarming her. The amplified voice recounted the drama of the last seconds of the match, "...incredible, the vaunted skill of the Fara'Het Dragons has encountered the fearless master of combat, known as Ez'Rapta...".
